Update screenshots and videos for experiments, feature-flags, hogql, notebooks session-replys, surveys, data, web-analytics, toolbar, and select product-analytics articles in docs for Issue 7616 (#7907)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/notebooks/index.mdx

Each of them can be completely customized within notebooks like you would in insights. To do this, click the three-line reverse pyramid icon.

> <ProductVideo

Reviewer: This one doesn't seem to be working for me

For example, you can customize event lists to show a specific event and related columns over a period of time. 

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight={eventsLight} 
    imageDark={eventsDark}
    alt="Events" 
    classes="rounded"
/>

### Session replays and playlists

You can add both individual replays and filtered playlists of replays to notebooks. 

Within playlists in notebooks, you can see new replays, update the filter such as countries or URLs, and pin replays to the playlist.

> If there are specific replays important to your analysis, you can save them to a notebook by clicking the "Comment" button. You can also drag and drop them from the session replay action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are specific replays important to your analysis, you can save them to a notebook by clicking the "Comment" button. You can also drag and drop them from the session replay list.
```

<ProductVideo
    videoLight={playlistLight} 
    videoDark={playlistDark}
    alt="Playlist" 
    classes="rounded"
/>

> While watching an individual replay in the notebook, you can click the "Comment" button located at the top or bottom of the replay to add commentary at different timestamps. You can also share the sesison replay, view performance data and console logs, search events, and more.

Reviewer: If it's in multiple places, then it should be obvious enough
```suggestion
While watching an individual replay in the notebook, you can click the "Comment" button to add commentary at different timestamps. You can also share the session replay, view performance data and console logs, search events, and more.
```
